What job would you be terrible at?
	What job do you think you’d be really good at?
	If all jobs had the same pay and hours, what job would you like to have?

What’s your dream car?
	What one thing do you really want but can’t afford yet?

What do you wish you knew more about?
	What skill would you like to master?

Where would you spend all your time if you could?
	What would be the most amazing adventure to go on?
	What would be your ideal way to spend the weekend?

What is the most impressive thing you know how to do?
	How do you get in the way of your own success?

What are some of the events in your life that made you who you are?
In what situation or place would you feel the most out of place?
What would you do if you knew you were going to die in one day? <------------------------------------------------------------
What personality trait do you value most, and which do you dislike the most? <-------------------------------------
What’s something you’ve been meaning to try but just haven’t gotten around to it? <-------------------------------------
What is something you think everyone should do at least once in their lives?
What is the most annoying question that people ask you regularly?
What was the most memorable gift you’ve received?
What is something that a ton of people are obsessed with, but you just don’t get the point of?
What is something you will NEVER do again?
What mistake do you keep making again and again?
What do you spend the most time thinking about?
What lifestyle change have you been meaning to make for a while now?
What’s the best and worst thing about getting older?
What is something you are certain you’ll never experience?
As the only human left on Earth, what would you do?
What stats for your life would you most like to see?
What are some of your personal “rules” that you never break?
If you had to change your name, what would you change it to?
In your group of friends, what role do you play?
When people look at you, what do you think they see/think?
What question can you ask to find out the most about a person?
As you get older, what are you becoming more and more afraid of?
What are the top three things you want to accomplish before you die? How close are you to accomplishing them?
What would be some of the most annoying things about having yourself as a roommate?
What bridges do you NOT regret burning?
What are you most insecure about?
What do you regret not doing?
What keeps you up at night?
If you had a clock that would countdown to any one event of your choosing, what event would you want it to countdown to?
What is the most annoying question that people ask you regularly?
What’s the most surprising self-realization you’ve had?
How do you hope you’ll change as a person in the future?
What’s one thing you did that you really wish you could go back and undo?
If you were dictator of a small island nation, what crazy dictator stuff would you do?